___
# Quest Overview

>*Gargantuan beasts known as kaiju have been rampaging throughout the Lands. Manifestations of primal magic, their mere presence can shatter the ecological balance of an entire continent. Their origin, as well as the reason for their rampage, is unknown, but the destruction they bring is nothing but certain. Could this be part of the cycle of the Lands, or is something else amiss?*
# Background

Kaiju were meant to be summoned as weapons of war. In ancient times, shortly after the warring states of the Lands of the East consolidated into a single nation, the council of warlords engaged in a greedy campaign of territorial expansion. They conducted a summoning ritual, reaching into the Primordial Plane of Kaiju in hopes of using one of the great beasts as a weapon of war. However, they severely underestimated the might of the power they hoped to enslave. The summoning was imperfect, and it opened a rift between the planes. Primordial magic suddenly flooded the material plane, saturating and permanently altering the very environment around it. The warlords did get what they wanted though— through brute force they manifested a primordial being into an unknown plane of existence, against its will, and attempted to forcefully harness its power. Threatened and afraid, stranded dimensions away from their home in an environment that offered nothing but hostility, what else could the beast do but respond in kind? 

The rampage began in earnest, and by the end, very few survived. To cover up their transgression, the few remaining warlords wiped the incident off the records and ran an extensive propaganda campaign to frame it as a devastating raid by an enemy country. The campaign was successful-- most of the victims witness to the true incident *died during it*-- and the seed of hatred planted that day sadly still bears fruit in the present. 

Since then, kaiju will occasionally "slip through"-- their primordial magic seeping into our plane through the cracks and saturating the flora and fauna around it, giving birth to massive beasts akin to natural disasters. Some of them were worshipped as gods by ancient civilizations; others were seen as calamity incarnate and woven into world-ending prophecies. Some lived and died unnoticed, but left their mark by eventually becoming part of the world itself-- small islands, protruding from the sea; underwater caves dug as lairs; misshapen mountains overlooking a settlement. And as the barrier between our planes continues to weaken, kaiju sightings are increasing in number. Decade by decade, the number of reports trends upward, and the governing bodies of the Lands have picked up on the pattern. It's now up to them to find a solution...

# Scenes and Encounters

- [ ] A massive caravan, easily in the hundreds, travels mostly in silence, escorted by [[Silk Purse]] officials / [[Heirs of Kirin]] volunteers. The civilians, battered and bruised, are the only remaining survivors of a kaiju rampage a few towns over, and are being escorted as refugees into the capitol.
	- [ ] Leads to a side quest where the players themselves are asked to help with escorting the refugees through a dangerous environment, or even helping this same caravan reach their destination.
- [ ] The ruins of a rampaged town can be seen in the distance, the residue of primordial magic still lingers heavy in the air. The environment is unusually still for the next few miles, almost as if the landscape itself is in mourning.
	- [ ] If searched, the village ruins contains a very small amount of treasure (maybe a minor magic item). A successful check reveals dozens of previous tracks-- there's always more than a few people willing to profit off of someone else's suffering...