# Session Zero Notes

## Campaign Elevator Pitch

> *A century has passed since the God-King Othedias betrayed the Pantheon, provoking divine punishment and abandonment by the gods that left the realm of the Halcyon Domain shattered, desolate, and eternally cursed. Throughout this shadow-choked land of decaying fortresses and dreadful monstrosities, surviving communities cling to hope in the face of lightless oblivion. In an Age of Umbra campaign, you’ll play heroic survivors who protect their community from the terrors beyond their walls, venture out into the unknown to hunt the nightmares that twist and grow with each fallen soul, seek answers to the curses that corrupt this world, and perhaps even discover a way to change its fate.*
## Six Truths of this Campaign

What are the six most important things you want your players to understand about the world and the campaign? Share these with your players.

- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 

## Villain(s)

- God-King Othedias

## Character Options and House Rules

# House Rules

1. Write out your house rules in a numbered list
## Patrons and Factions

Who are the patrons and factions the characters can be a part of? What brings the characters together to adventure in this campaign? Share these with your players.

## Safety Tools

Discuss what safety tools you and your players are comfortable using during this campaign. I recommend including the following safety tools:

- Write down a list of any potential sensitive topics covered in your campaign and discuss them with your players during your session zero. See [*Consent in Gaming*](https://www.montecookgames.com/consent-in-gaming/) by Monte Cook Games for examples potential topics.
- Describe your campaign's "lines and veils". Lines are any topics that **will not** come up in any form. Veils are any topics that will be handled **off screen or abstractly**. Ask the players to add any other lines and veils they may have. Write them all down and share them with all of your players.
- Tell all of your players to say the phrase **"let's pause for a minute"** to break character and address anything coming up in the game that may be uncomfortable. Think of this as a verbal X-card.

## Campaign Inspiration

What books, artwork, music, movies, and TV shows inspire your campaign? Share these with your players and use them yourself when you need inspiration.