# Session Zero Notes

## Campaign Elevator Pitch

> *Thirty years ago, the Cult of the Dragon led a devastating siege on Volaria, capital of Eldranos. After being ultimately thwarted by the combined efforts of the Eldranian army and volunteering adventurers, the Cult retreated into the shadows and the kingdom enjoyed a much needed period of peace and stability. Lately however, nearby towns have been reporting increasing cases of regular, organized kobold raids. Kobolds captured and interrogated by the village babble tales of a messiah, a queen who promises them the dream of a land they can truly call their own. All they must do, she says, is to drive out all other settlers, putting their holdouts to the sword and their homes to the torch. More and more kobolds flock to hear her speak, to hear of a world made new— made, she insists, in the image of the dragon.*
> 
> *It seems that the cult is starting to move, and the kingdom is in need once more. Will you answer the call?*
## Six Truths of this Campaign

What are the six most important things you want your players to understand about the world and the campaign? Share these with your players.

- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 

## Villain(s)

What are the main villain(s) the players will interact with?

## Character Options and House Rules

What are the specifics of character creation for this world? What are the character building limits in this world? What house rules are in play? Share these with your players.

## Patrons and Factions

Who are the patrons and factions the characters can be a part of? What brings the characters together to adventure in this campaign? Share these with your players.

## Safety Tools

Discuss what safety tools you and your players are comfortable using during this campaign. I recommend including the following safety tools:

- Write down a list of any potential sensitive topics covered in your campaign and discuss them with your players during your session zero. See [*Consent in Gaming*](https://www.montecookgames.com/consent-in-gaming/) by Monte Cook Games for examples potential topics.
- Describe your campaign's "lines and veils". Lines are any topics that **will not** come up in any form. Veils are any topics that will be handled **off screen or abstractly**. Ask the players to add any other lines and veils they may have. Write them all down and share them with all of your players.
- Tell all of your players to say the phrase **"let's pause for a minute"** to break character and address anything coming up in the game that may be uncomfortable. Think of this as a verbal X-card.

## Campaign Inspiration

What books, artwork, music, movies, and TV shows inspire your campaign? Share these with your players and use them yourself when you need inspiration.